so I'm closing in on my 60-day ten years
as a 40 year old adult man and it's only
right that I give my assessment on what
life is like at 40 minute all right so
we have our milestones you know
everybody looks toward or everybody
looks forward to being 16 years old and
and getting a driver's license then
everybody looks toward being 18 then 21
you know being able to buy buy alcohol
or whatever but but hitting 40 man
hitting 40 is is life-changing and I've
noticed so many things that have changed
around me inside of me the latter the
last 60 days man it's unreal and I think
that forty is one of the most most
misunderstood
one of the most unappreciated ageist man
that will ever hit at least for me when
I look at pictures of say somebody and
their 40s or 50s or even in their 60s
that still looks amazing if there's an
image of them on the Internet and then
you go and read the comments so many of
those comments are negative so much of
it is why are you shouldn't be wearing a
bikini at that age put it away you're
too old for that I often get questions
about shorts and specifically wearing
shorts over 40 you don't have to wear
shorts period and a story many women no
one wear shorts many of you may have
issues with your legs maybe you have a
lot of moles maybe have spider veins
maybe of cellulite maybe you have
thicker calves that you don't like or
feel comfortable with maybe you have
bruises I don't know what the case may
be there are a zillion things that could
make you feel self-conscious about
showing your legs so don't feel like you
have to wear shorts let me smell young I
would say just go in my mouth it's been
eight months since I turned 40 okay
nobody told me that 40 is such a
critical age okay now we hear about
changing jobs at 40 and you know we
revamping your life and lifestyle
whatever happy but again people
sugarcoat
things let me tell you the real deal
forty means you want everything new
everything changed you want a new
wardrobe you want a new hairstyle hair
color you wanna just change everything
about who you are your personality you
want to change it job you want to change
your friends you want to change
everything so this is 40
it's a strange number because you are
supposed to be I'm saying you you're a
grown-up but I don't feel like a grown I
have grown-up responsibilities but I
still don't feel like a grown-up I think
when I look back over my 30s and from a
physical point of view I have I probably
spent 10,000 pounds on Botox in my 30s
up the way to around about 38 at least
10,000 pounds on Botox it's my birthday
today
I am officially 40 years old I don't
have any negative associations with
turning 40 I feel very happy with where
I am in my life I don't have any issues
with turning 40 I like the way I look
I've already had my kids you know and
they're at like a really fun age where
they're like you know little humans and
we get to do cool stuff together and I'm
just I'm glad I had them younger I'm
glad I'm not just starting out having
kids now although I know that's
preferable to a lot of women these days
and yeah that's right if I can look good
and I know it okay I know it I probably
spend ten thousand pounds on Botox but
not once all of that money in my
forehead not once did it make me look a
single day younger than I lost yeah I've
always heard people say stuff like you
know 40 is the new 30 you know I've
heard that you know for so many years
man but but now that I'm 40 I get
confused man because you know I can't
understand the mindset you have to be in
to even make a comment like that 40 is
the new 40 you've been doing whatever
you've been doing for 20 years career
style whatever happy for bye
twenty years or something technically
yeah you cut your hair ever and yeah
your diet or whatever have you but
nothing drastic nothing major really for
about twenty years
forty times is man it's just changes you
totally then at least for women for the
most part your libido goes up you want
sex all the time unless yourself not
every female of course but for most
females you want sex all the time you
are at your peak you are up there so
you're ready to hump anything dry/wet
you don't care something happens to your
hormones I'm not sure what it is it
started happening in my late 30s where I
don't know what it is but [ __ ] just
sex is better like way way way way way
way better than it was when you were 25
if a woman first of all if a woman is in
her 40s and she's wearing a bikini on
the beach you I read the comments that
say you shouldn't be wearing that it's
time for a one-piece you need to cover
up nobody wants to see that but it's
worse if you're a mom I see a lot of
this you're a mom now you shouldn't be
showing that you're a mom now you
shouldn't be doing this I mean if I
didn't live in South Texas I probably
wouldn't wear shorts or would wear them
very infrequently here are some
guidelines that I hope will help you in
making your selections because I don't
know I mean I never were super super
short shorts never never never
but I do see a lot of girls these days
wearing you know just like the really
really short cut off denim shorts that
show even like the curve of your behind
and they can get away with that kind of
because they're in their early 20s or
even younger my point being the days of
short short short short shorts when
you're 35 40 45 50 55 60 those are gone
they're gone can't do it
not appropriate not appropriate for age
I don't care how hot and sexy your legs
are of course everybody is entitled to
their opinions
and they might feel like once you are a
mother that you shouldn't be showing a
certain amount of skin you shouldn't be
wearing miniskirts and that is each
individual person's prerogative if
that's the way they feel they are
entitled to those feelings but I have
always been of the mindset to not judge
I'm not gonna judge it the way a person
is as a mother by the clothing that they
wear getting back to why I love being in
my 40s is because now I don't really
give a crap about what other people
think of me and that's okay see that's
another good thing about turning 40 is
like you're confident and like you
really don't care what other people
think and you just you just don't give a
[ __ ] you're really comfortable in your
own skin that's that's another good
thing about turning 40 that you might
not realize if you're not there yet
women at this age up until 15 in the
menopause before the menopause and all
that stuff your libido goes up so you
are humping everything going and you
want something young fun live because
again you've been doing whatever you've
been doing for at least twenty years so
yeah you know you wanna have fun
my overall assessment man III really
think that that you know us hitting 40
and as a people is where we're dropping
the ball 40 is the new 40 see we're
quick to talk about a young man man when
we see them walking through the malls
with with the pants hanging out down or
we see young women on the malls acting
up not just man with the with the butt
cheeks hanging out a lot man but but if
we aren't part of the solution man then
we're part of the problem if my daughter
walks out of the house wearing shorts
like that she will not leave I will lock
her in the closet and she will change
but my boy means these young people man
they're looking for guidance they're
looking for guidance and direction man
but but they don't have anywhere to get
it except music videos and reality TV
see what what we as as older adults see
it's entertainment they look at that and
they think that you know
this is how I'm supposed to be I
definitely have spent a lot of time in
the Sun and I'm a little bit lizard like
in the skin area that's very apparent
that I've enjoyed the Sun in my life but
I mean who gives a [ __ ] with all these
snapchat filters you know you can
basically just let your skin go to [ __ ]
and [ __ ] throw a snapchat filter on
that and look [ __ ] you know dope as
[ __ ] you want to go Wow you want to do
things you wanna you know feel young
then sexy that's another thing you you
want validation nobody told me that at
40 single married I don't care what it
is across the board forty years old for
some reason seems like you want
validation you can just look like you're
you know fresh clean baby skin like they
have all of those amazing filters so
basically like that's you know not an
issue the skin thing isn't an issue
anymore
of course I've experienced that as well
the fine lines that show up the sun
damage on my chest the knees don't look
the same as they did 20 years ago the
elbows the hands you notice all of these
changes and they can really get you down
but these days being in your 40s isn't
like what your grandma's forties looked
like we are taking such better care of
ourselves we know so much more about the
importance of diet and exercise and
staying out of the Sun and all of these
amazing new anti-aging products that
have come out in the market and yes
there's injectables like Botox and
fillers and there's things that I feel
when done in moderation little tweaks
here and there can make you feel really
really good about yourself now some of
you might be saying well you know the
one Henry said you just said that you
don't really care about what other
people think but then you're saying that
you do care about your appearance well
yeah they don't have to be mutually
exclusive you want to know that's a
pretty that's a desirable that you're
wanted that somebody from across the
street down the block is looking at you
I don't know what it is or why and maybe
our bodies are getting us
ready for menopause and so forth so
maybe it's like another little life
change but you want to know that you're
you're wanted you're needed I want to
walk down the street people drop their
mouth because I'm looking so good in my
little and my little black all-black
uniform
dude I'm saying but that's how
ridiculous it is boy I wanted that I
wanted to be wanted I wanted to be
needed
I wanted um somebody to come on but I
get beautiful just out the blue yeah
beautiful I couldn't live without you
man if you was my woman and that's
partly why a lot of older women around
my age and older I'll see it at the
club's all naked and freaky deaky and
have a sex or really Milly and all these
different things because they want
validation it's not like I'm 25 and I'm
going out to nightclubs and I'm like
concerned with like trying to be cool
and it's like I don't know what my
passion is and I don't know what I want
to do with my life and I'm still in that
phase where you're attracted to like
[ __ ] guys and stuff I think that
being in your forties makes you more
grateful it makes you more aware of
every day and the beauty of being given
another day and to not take any day for
granted I just feel like the older and
wiser the idea of being older and wiser
really is true if we know what life is
like man why aren't we why aren't we
telling them what we know man why are we
pulling them to the side says hey you
know what young man young lady this is
what life a buddy's about man you know
you're 21 you're 20 to her in the next
10 15 years this is what you're gonna be
experiencing I mean that they may rebel
man but like I said before man they're
wanting that guidance man another good
thing about being 40 and now I don't
know if this is true for everyone is
that when I was 20 I was a little bit of
an [ __ ] now that I'm 40 I [ __ ] I'm
not an [ __ ] anymore
now this I'm reminded of the
cuz I follow a lot of little [ __ ] on
Instagram and they're still in that
phase where they're like I'm young I'm
gonna do what's right for me and [ __ ]
everyone else and then it's super cool
not to give a [ __ ] there's still in that
phase and I remember being in that fair
so I've got nothing but love for you you
little [ __ ] as me and you know why
are we going to the young guy saying hey
you know what man you know it's cool to
be smart man it's cool to read man it's
cool to expand your mind and I just feel
like we're dropping the ball man we're
really setting them up for failure man
and I think that one of the
responsibilities of being 40 it is it is
being able to uh you know look back at
and explain to them hey this is what
life is about
thank you for watching I'll see you soon
leave a comments down there what the
happy birthday wants oh that's nice
believe your comments in general what do
you feel how you feel way thought you'd
be at the ag-1 end there because we
thank so much as ridiculous as that
montage may have been it gives you a
sense of the range of the opinions who
can find on the internet on the topic of
turning 40 and let me tell you something
if you search around instead for videos
on the topic of what it's like to turn
16 or what it's like to turn 21 you were
gonna find many many more opinions here
on YouTube there are a very very few
people who've taken the time to come on
camera and talk about what it's like to
turn 40 because not too many of us are
youtubers are preserving our life
sharing it with the public for the
people to scrutinize at age 40 be that
as it may what I looked at the history
of my own youtube channel here it's
always been striking to me that one of
my most successful videos of all time is
simply me talking about why I don't
drink alcohol and that tells you
something but the social function of the
Internet
in YouTube in particular 2018 I told the
anecdote recently on this channel but a
friend of mine it became vegan and when
she decided to become vegan
she had this shocking short-term
experience where she opened a box of
chicken chicken meat and there happened
to be accidentally some chicken feathers
left in there but who did she turn to
for help or guidance after she had this
horrifying discovery she didn't go to
her priest she didn't go to her father
or her uncle shouldn't go to a Buddhist
monk and go to some traditional
authority figure she came here on
YouTube and started looking for advice
and this led her eventually to make the
decision to become vegan so it's same
way there were people at 22,000 people
most of them never heard of me before
most of them never watched my videos
again afterward 22,000 people came to my
channel to hear me talk for 18 minutes
about why I don't drink alcohol
um what goes into that decision was tied
up to that my life so whatever else I
reflected on that video so you know
there's some truth those reflections
that were that were edited into that
montage that part of what's going on
here is indeed the older generation
sharing their experiences and passing on
some kind of guidance and advice to the
younger generation what else do we have
in the video look I'm not trying to make
any of these people look ridiculous but
sure there are different moments in
there I laugh at that um it sure is
ridiculous to hear that what really
matters they forty is I don't know how
attractive you are how great your sex
life is or how well you've been able to
you know manage some kind of concoction
of healing elixirs diet and Botox but
you know something else have mentioned
here on YouTube is that you know I did
live long enough in life that I managed
to read one of the major works of
Aristotle
Aristotle ancient Greek philosopher I
managed to read his book simply titled
politics back when I was about 19 years
old and then of the reading again now at
age 39
going on 40 and I'm someone who is both
blessed and cursed with a very accurate
memory it's a curse because traumatic
experiences in your life stay with you
more vividly as someone who can just
forget because someone who maybe just
remembers the outlines of things but
while reading that work of aristotle's
now and what I see in it what I
appreciate in it what I criticize about
it what I can excoriate about it how I
see the structure of the text the
content of the text the way I make leaps
of inference about the intention of the
author the way I see it as a product of
its social historical context all of
that has changed so much and I'm
confronted with the memory of the man I
was or the boy I was at age 19 when I
read it and somebody won't be surprised
by this at all well it's 19 I absolutely
could not get past the fact that
Aristotle makes excuses for slavery and
you ignored nor should I had butchered
anyone it's horrifying to read this guy
who celebrated as a genius who's
presented as the pinnacle of you know
Western intellectual accomplishment
making excuses for the ownership and
exploitation of slaves that I still
think today anyone on the schoolyard at
least any high school student could
refute or challenge and of course here I
am age 39 and still to this day I'm
dealing with
similarly childish excuses for yeah you
know war the brutality of governments
locally and internationally but above
all else is you guys know the main thing
up and involved in politics last five
years have been the excuses people make
for eating meat for perpetuating the
culture of
you know meat dairy leather etc
challenging that from a vegan
perspective although I've tried also in
my way to challenge preconceptions that
people have when they're making excuses
for communism when they're making
excuses for other kinds of brutality of
a man against man shall we say so this
is it guys
forty years old I talked to a frenemy of
mine a few days ago and he was
explaining that he was quoting YouTube
for various reasons he has aspirations
to be an author spend more time writing
he has a new girlfriend it's having more
sex these are not reasons to quit the
game you know you can have a very active
sex life you can have very active
intellectual life as an author and so as
a reader as a student as a teacher would
have you and there's not reasons to quit
doing YouTube you know above all else
from day one on this YouTube channel I
knew I was leaving behind an artifact
for my daughter to see one day because
my daughter may only get to know me if I
live that long when I'm in my 60s and
there won't be something left behind of
the man I was in my 40s in that more
active time of my life and I mean I
could say honestly if I was only getting
10 views per video if I was getting a
tiny tiny number of viewers it would
still be worthwhile for me to come here
on YouTube and share the ridiculous
contradictions and struggles that are
ongoing in my life
so guys whether you subscribe or not
whether you watch videos or not but he's
far beyond patreon or not I think I can
say and I'll do honesty we don't know
what's gonna happen with technology in
the future the internet but for me
looking forward despite all the real
harm and sorrow that YouTube has brought
into my life as it has has brought a lot
I could say I feel more committed than
ever to to try to share the the
unexpected developments in my life my
only philosophy experience whatever it
is about to share here on the Internet
thanks for tuning in bye bye bonus yen
[Music]
swimming with whale either whale and
swim in with your your giant pineapple
remember that there was the giant
pineapple dingy pineapple inflatable
thing and you swam what you put on your
goggles a few moments later
[Music]
ablution